OSDOCS#8863 & 8864: Version range comparison strings (#71044)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olmv1-version-range-support.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/olm_v1/olmv1-installing-an-operator-from-a-catalog.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="olmv1-version-range-support_{context}"]
= Support for version ranges

> In {olmv1-first} you can specify a version range by using a comparison string in an Operator or extension's custom resource (CR). If you specify a version range in an Operator's CR, {olmv1} installs or updates the latest version of the Operator that can be resolved within the version range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {olmv1-first}, you can specify a version range by using a comparison string in an Operator or extension's custom resource (CR). If you specify a version range in an Operator's CR, {olmv1} installs or updates the latest version of the Operator that can be resolved within the version range.
```

> In {olmv1-first} you can specify a version range by using a comparison string in an Operator or extension's custom resource (CR). If you specify a version range in an Operator's CR, {olmv1} installs or updates the latest version of the Operator that can be resolved within the version range.

Reviewer: Possible a reader might see "an Operator or extensions' custom resource (CR)" first, and then read "in the Operator's CR" later, and wonder "is an extension CR different?" Or maybe that "reader" is just "me". 😅 

```suggestion
In {olmv1-first} you can specify a version range by using a comparison string in an Operator or extension's custom resource (CR). If you specify a version range in the CR, {olmv1} installs or updates the latest version of the Operator that can be resolved within the version range.
```

> In {olmv1-first} you can specify a version range by using a comparison string in an Operator or extension's custom resource (CR). If you specify a version range in an Operator's CR, {olmv1} installs or updates the latest version of the Operator that can be resolved within the version range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {olmv1-first} you can specify a version range by using a comparison string in an Operator or extension's custom resource (CR). If you specify a version range in an Operator's CR, {olmv1} installs or updates to the latest version of the Operator that can be resolved within the version range.
```
? Nit, but, since "the latest version" itself isn't being updated.

* The resolved version is the latest version of the Operator that satisfies the dependencies and constraints of the Operator and the environment.

> * Operator updates within the specified range are automatically installed if they are resolved successfully.

Reviewer: This sentence is fine as-is, but maybe to avoid first-read-through noun vs verb confusion on "updates":
```suggestion
* An Operator update within the specified range is automatically installed if it is resolved successfully.
```

> * The resolved version is the latest version of the Operator that satisfies the dependencies and constraints of the Operator and the environment.
> * Operator updates within the specified range are automatically installed if they are resolved successfully.
> * Updates are not installed if they are outside of the specified range or if they cannot be resolved successfully.

Reviewer: Maybe some sort of list title for these bullets? E.g.:
```suggestion
.Version range considerations
* The resolved version is the latest version of the Operator that satisfies the dependencies and constraints of the Operator and the environment.
* Operator updates within the specified range are automatically installed if they are resolved successfully.
* Updates are not installed if they are outside of the specified range or if they cannot be resolved successfully.
```
or "Version range workflow" or something better.

> * Updates are not installed if they are outside of the specified range or if they cannot be resolved successfully.

Reviewer: Possibly switch this one to singular "update" if the previous suggestion is used, just for list consistency.

> For more information about dependency and constraint resolution in {olmv1}, see "Dependency resolution in {olmv1}".

Reviewer 2: Missing link to dependency resolution module.
